<!---
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This file is automatically generated and manual changes will be
     clobbered when the file is regenerated.

     Please read more about how to change this file in
     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
--->
---
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_address"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-address"
description: |-
  Represents an Address resource.
---

# google\_compute\_address

Represents an Address resource.

Each virtual machine instance has an ephemeral internal IP address and,
optionally, an external IP address. To communicate between instances on
the same network, you can use an instance's internal IP address. To
communicate with the Internet and instances outside of the same network,
you must specify the instance's external IP address.

Internal IP addresses are ephemeral and only belong to an instance for
the lifetime of the instance; if the instance is deleted and recreated,
the instance is assigned a new internal IP address, either by Compute
Engine or by you. External IP addresses can be either ephemeral or
static.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_address" "default" {
  TODO: Add fields
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` -
  (Required)
  A reference to Region resource



- - -

* `address` -
  (Optional)
  The static external IP address represented by this
resource. Only IPv4 is supported.
* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource.
* `name` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the resource.
* `project` (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.





## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `id` -
  The unique identifier for the resource.
* `users` -
  The URLs of the resources that are using this address.





TODO: Add import section
