<!---
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This file is automatically generated by terraform-codegen and manual
     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.

     Please read more about how to change this file in README.md and
     CONTRIBUTING.md located at the root of this package.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
--->
---
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_target_pool"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-target-pool"
description: |-
  Represents a TargetPool resource, used for Load Balancing.---

# google\_compute\_target\_pool

Represents a TargetPool resource, used for Load Balancing.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_target_pool" "default" {
  TODO: Add fields
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is
created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match
the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the
first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
character, which cannot be a dash.
* `region` -
  (Required)
  A reference to Region resource




- - -

* `backup_pool` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to TargetPool resource
* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource.
* `failover_ratio` -
  (Optional)
  This field is applicable only when the containing target pool is
serving a forwarding rule as the primary pool (i.e., not as a backup
pool to some other target pool). The value of the field must be in
[0, 1].

If set, backupPool must also be set. They together define the fallback
behavior of the primary target pool: if the ratio of the healthy
instances in the primary pool is at or below this number, traffic
arriving at the load-balanced IP will be directed to the backup pool.

In case where failoverRatio is not set or all the instances in the
backup pool are unhealthy, the traffic will be directed back to the
primary pool in the "force" mode, where traffic will be spread to the
healthy instances with the best effort, or to all instances when no
instance is healthy.
* `health_check` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to HttpHealthCheck resource
* `instances` -
  (Optional)
  A list of virtual machine instances serving this pool.

They must live in zones contained in the same region as this pool.
* `session_affinity` -
  (Optional)
  Session affinity option. Must be one of these values:

- NONE: Connections from the same client IP may go to any instance in
  the pool.
- CLIENT_IP: Connections from the same client IP will go to the same
  instance in the pool while that instance remains healthy.
- CLIENT_IP_PROTO: Connections from the same client IP with the same
  IP protocol will go to the same instance in the pool while that
  instance remains healthy.
* `project` (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.








## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `id` -
  The unique identifier for the resource.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.




TODO: Add import section
