<!---
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This file is automatically generated and manual changes will be
     clobbered when the file is regenerated.

     Please read more about how to change this file in
     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
--->
---
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_target_ssl_proxy"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-target-ssl-proxy"
description: |-
  Represents a TargetSslProxy resource, which is used by one or more
---

# google\_compute\_target\_ssl\_proxy

Represents a TargetSslProxy resource, which is used by one or more
global forwarding rule to route incoming SSL requests to a backend
service.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_target_ssl_proxy" "default" {
  TODO: Add fields
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:



- - -

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource.
* `name` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is
created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match
the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the
first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
character, which cannot be a dash.
* `proxy_header` -
  (Optional)
  Specifies the type of proxy header to append before sending data to
the backend, either NONE or PROXY_V1. The default is NONE.
* `service` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to BackendService resource
* `ssl_certificates` -
  (Optional)
  A list of SslCertificate resources that are used to authenticate
connections between users and the load balancer. Currently, exactly
one SSL certificate must be specified.
* `project` (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.







## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `id` -
  The unique identifier for the resource.




TODO: Add import section
