<!---
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This file is automatically generated and manual changes will be
     clobbered when the file is regenerated.

     Please read more about how to change this file in
     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
--->
---
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_ssl_certificate"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-ssl-certificate"
description: |-
  An SslCertificate resource. This resource provides a mechanism to upload
---

# google\_compute\_ssl\_certificate

An SslCertificate resource. This resource provides a mechanism to upload
an SSL key and certificate to the load balancer to serve secure
connections from the user.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_ssl_certificate" "default" {
  TODO: Add fields
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:



- - -

* `certificate` -
  (Optional)
  The certificate in PEM format.
The certificate chain must be no greater than 5 certs long.
The chain must include at least one intermediate cert.
* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource.
* `name` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is
created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match
the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the
first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
character, which cannot be a dash.
* `private_key` -
  (Optional)
  The private key in PEM format.
* `project` (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.






## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.



TODO: Add import section
