<!---
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This file is automatically generated and manual changes will be
     clobbered when the file is regenerated.

     Please read more about how to change this file in
     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
--->
---
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_disk_type"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-disk-type"
description: |-
  Represents a DiskType resource. A DiskType resource represents the type
---

# google\_compute\_disk\_type

Represents a DiskType resource. A DiskType resource represents the type
of disk to use, such as a pd-ssd or pd-standard. To reference a disk
type, use the disk type's full or partial URL.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_disk_type" "default" {
  TODO: Add fields
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `zone` -
  (Required)
  A reference to Zone resource



- - -

* `name` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the resource.
* `project` (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.



## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `default_disk_size_gb` -
  Server-defined default disk size in GB.
* `deprecated_deleted` -
  An optional RFC3339 timestamp on or after which the deprecation state
of this resource will be changed to DELETED.
* `deprecated_deprecated` -
  An optional RFC3339 timestamp on or after which the deprecation state
of this resource will be changed to DEPRECATED.
* `deprecated_obsolete` -
  An optional RFC3339 timestamp on or after which the deprecation state
of this resource will be changed to OBSOLETE.
* `deprecated_replacement` -
  The URL of the suggested replacement for a deprecated resource. The
suggested replacement resource must be the same kind of resource as
the deprecated resource.
* `deprecated_state` -
  The deprecation state of this resource. This can be DEPRECATED,
OBSOLETE, or DELETED. Operations which create a new resource using a
DEPRECATED resource will return successfully, but with a warning
indicating the deprecated resource and recommending its replacement.
Operations which use OBSOLETE or DELETED resources will be rejected
and result in an error.
* `description` -
  An optional description of this resource.
* `id` -
  The unique identifier for the resource.
* `valid_disk_size` -
  An optional textual description of the valid disk size, such as
"10GB-10TB".
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.












TODO: Add import section
