<!---
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This file is automatically generated and manual changes will be
     clobbered when the file is regenerated.

     Please read more about how to change this file in
     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
--->
---
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_instance_group"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-instance-group"
description: |-
  Represents an Instance Group resource. Instance groups are self-managed
---

# google\_compute\_instance\_group

Represents an Instance Group resource. Instance groups are self-managed
and can contain identical or different instances. Instance groups do not
use an instance template. Unlike managed instance groups, you must create
and add instances to an instance group manually.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_instance_group" "default" {
  TODO: Add fields
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `zone` -
  (Required)
  A reference to Zone resource



- - -

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when
you create the resource.
* `name` -
  (Optional)
  The name of the instance group.
The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035.
* `named_ports` -
  (Optional)
  Assigns a name to a port number.
For example: {name: "http", port: 80}.

This allows the system to reference ports by the assigned name
instead of a port number. Named ports can also contain multiple
ports.

For example: [{name: "http", port: 80},{name: "http", port: 8080}]

Named ports apply to all instances in this instance group.
  Structure is documented below.
* `network` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to Network resource
* `region` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to Region resource
* `subnetwork` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to Subnetwork resource
* `project` (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.



The `named_ports` block supports:
* `name` -
  (Optional)
  The name for this named port.
The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035.
* `port` -
  (Optional)
  The port number, which can be a value between 1 and 65535.
  
  




## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `id` -
  A unique identifier for this instance group.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.




TODO: Add import section
