<!---
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This file is automatically generated by terraform-codegen and manual
     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.

     Please read more about how to change this file in README.md and
     CONTRIBUTING.md located at the root of this package.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
--->
---
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_firewall"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-firewall"
description: |-
  Each network has its own firewall controlling access to and from the
---

# google\_compute\_firewall

Each network has its own firewall controlling access to and from the
instances.

All traffic to instances, even from other instances, is blocked by the
firewall unless firewall rules are created to allow it.

The default network has automatically created firewall rules that are
shown in default firewall rules. No manually created network has
automatically created firewall rules except for a default "allow" rule for
outgoing traffic and a default "deny" for incoming traffic. For all
networks except the default network, you must create any firewall rules
you need.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_firewall" "default" {
  TODO: Add fields
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:



- - -

* `allowed` -
  (Optional)
  The list of ALLOW rules specified by this firewall. Each rule
specifies a protocol and port-range tuple that describes a permitted
connection.
  Structure is documented below.
* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when
you create the resource.
* `name` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is
created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match
the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the
first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
character, which cannot be a dash.
* `network` -
  (Optional)
  URL of the network resource for this firewall rule. If not specified
when creating a firewall rule, the default network is used:

  global/networks/default

If you choose to specify this property, you can specify the network as
a full or partial URL. For example, the following are all valid URLs:

  https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/myproject/global/
      networks/my-network
  projects/myproject/global/networks/my-network
  global/networks/default
* `source_ranges` -
  (Optional)
  If source ranges are specified, the firewall will apply only to
traffic that has source IP address in these ranges. These ranges must
be expressed in CIDR format. One or both of sourceRanges and
sourceTags may be set. If both properties are set, the firewall will
apply to traffic that has source IP address within sourceRanges OR the
source IP that belongs to a tag listed in the sourceTags property. The
connection does not need to match both properties for the firewall to
apply. Only IPv4 is supported.
* `source_tags` -
  (Optional)
  If source tags are specified, the firewall will apply only to traffic
with source IP that belongs to a tag listed in source tags. Source
tags cannot be used to control traffic to an instance's external IP
address. Because tags are associated with an instance, not an IP
address. One or both of sourceRanges and sourceTags may be set. If
both properties are set, the firewall will apply to traffic that has
source IP address within sourceRanges OR the source IP that belongs to
a tag listed in the sourceTags property. The connection does not need
to match both properties for the firewall to apply.
* `target_tags` -
  (Optional)
  A list of instance tags indicating sets of instances located in the
network that may make network connections as specified in allowed[].
If no targetTags are specified, the firewall rule applies to all
instances on the specified network.
* `project` (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.

The `allowed` block supports:
* `ip_protocol` -
  (Required)
  The IP protocol to which this rule applies. The protocol type is
required when creating a firewall rule. This value can either be
one of the following well known protocol strings (tcp, udp,
icmp, esp, ah, sctp), or the IP protocol number.
* `ports` -
  (Optional)
  An optional list of ports to which this rule applies. This field
is only applicable for UDP or TCP protocol. Each entry must be
either an integer or a range. If not specified, this rule
applies to connections through any port.

Example inputs include: ["22"], ["80","443"], and
["12345-12349"].
  
  







## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `id` -
  The unique identifier for the resource.




TODO: Add import section
