<!---
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This file is automatically generated and manual changes will be
     clobbered when the file is regenerated.

     Please read more about how to change this file in
     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
--->
---
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_global_forwarding_rule"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-global-forwarding-rule"
description: |-
  Represents a GlobalForwardingRule resource. Global forwarding rules are
---

# google\_compute\_global\_forwarding\_rule

Represents a GlobalForwardingRule resource. Global forwarding rules are
used to forward traffic to the correct load balancer for HTTP load
balancing. Global forwarding rules can only be used for HTTP load
balancing.

For more information, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load-balancing/http/


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_global_forwarding_rule" "default" {
  TODO: Add fields
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` -
  (Required)
  Name of the resource; provided by the client when the resource is
created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match
the regular expression [a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])? which means the
first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
character, which cannot be a dash.



- - -

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when
you create the resource.
* `ip_address` -
  (Optional)
  The IP address that this forwarding rule is serving on behalf of.

Addresses are restricted based on the forwarding rule's load balancing
scheme (EXTERNAL or INTERNAL) and scope (global or regional).

When the load balancing scheme is EXTERNAL, for global forwarding
rules, the address must be a global IP, and for regional forwarding
rules, the address must live in the same region as the forwarding
rule. If this field is empty, an ephemeral IPv4 address from the same
scope (global or regional) will be assigned. A regional forwarding
rule supports IPv4 only. A global forwarding rule supports either IPv4
or IPv6.

When the load balancing scheme is INTERNAL, this can only be an RFC
1918 IP address belonging to the network/subnet configured for the
forwarding rule. By default, if this field is empty, an ephemeral
internal IP address will be automatically allocated from the IP range
of the subnet or network configured for this forwarding rule.

An address can be specified either by a literal IP address or a URL
reference to an existing Address resource. The following examples are
all valid:

* 100.1.2.3
* https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/project
    /regions/region/addresses/address
* projects/project/regions/region/addresses/address
* regions/region/addresses/address
* global/addresses/address
* address
* `ip_protocol` -
  (Optional)
  The IP protocol to which this rule applies. Valid options are TCP,
UDP, ESP, AH, SCTP or ICMP.

When the load balancing scheme is INTERNAL, only TCP and UDP are
valid.
* `backend_service` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to BackendService resource
* `ip_version` -
  (Optional)
  The IP Version that will be used by this forwarding rule. Valid
options are IPV4 or IPV6. This can only be specified for a global
forwarding rule.
* `load_balancing_scheme` -
  (Optional)
  This signifies what the ForwardingRule will be used for and can only
take the following values: INTERNAL, EXTERNAL The value of INTERNAL
means that this will be used for Internal Network Load Balancing (TCP,
UDP). The value of EXTERNAL means that this will be used for External
Load Balancing (HTTP(S) LB, External TCP/UDP LB, SSL Proxy)
* `network` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to Network resource
* `port_range` -
  (Optional)
  This field is used along with the target field for TargetHttpProxy,
TargetHttpsProxy, TargetSslProxy, TargetTcpProxy, TargetVpnGateway,
TargetPool, TargetInstance.

Applicable only when IPProtocol is TCP, UDP, or SCTP, only packets
addressed to ports in the specified range will be forwarded to target.
Forwarding rules with the same [IPAddress, IPProtocol] pair must have
disjoint port ranges.

Some types of forwarding target have constraints on the acceptable
ports:

* TargetHttpProxy: 80, 8080
* TargetHttpsProxy: 443
* TargetTcpProxy: 25, 43, 110, 143, 195, 443, 465, 587, 700, 993, 995,
                  1883, 5222
* TargetSslProxy: 25, 43, 110, 143, 195, 443, 465, 587, 700, 993, 995,
                  1883, 5222
* TargetVpnGateway: 500, 4500
* `ports` -
  (Optional)
  This field is used along with the backend_service field for internal
load balancing.

When the load balancing scheme is INTERNAL, a single port or a comma
separated list of ports can be configured. Only packets addressed to
these ports will be forwarded to the backends configured with this
forwarding rule.

You may specify a maximum of up to 5 ports.
* `subnetwork` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to Subnetwork resource
* `target` -
  (Optional)
  This target must be a global load balancing resource. The forwarded
traffic must be of a type appropriate to the target object.

Valid types: HTTP_PROXY, HTTPS_PROXY, SSL_PROXY, TCP_PROXY
* `project` (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.













## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `id` -
  The unique identifier for the resource.
* `region` -
  A reference to Region resource





TODO: Add import section
