<!---
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This file is automatically generated by terraform-codegen and manual
     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.

     Please read more about how to change this file in README.md and
     CONTRIBUTING.md located at the root of this package.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
--->
---
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_target_http_proxy"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-target-http-proxy"
description: |-
  Represents a TargetHttpProxy resource, which is used by one or more global
---

# google\_compute\_target\_http\_proxy

Represents a TargetHttpProxy resource, which is used by one or more global
forwarding rule to route incoming HTTP requests to a URL map.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_target_http_proxy" "default" {
  TODO: Add fields
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:



- - -

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource.
* `name` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is
created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match
the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the
first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
character, which cannot be a dash.
* `url_map` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to UrlMap resource
* `project` (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.





## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `id` -
  The unique identifier for the resource.




TODO: Add import section
