<!---
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This file is automatically generated by terraform-codegen and manual
     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.

     Please read more about how to change this file in README.md and
     CONTRIBUTING.md located at the root of this package.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
--->
---
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_https_health_check"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-https-health-check"
description: |-
  An HttpsHealthCheck resource. This resource defines a template for how
---

# google\_compute\_https\_health\_check

An HttpsHealthCheck resource. This resource defines a template for how
individual VMs should be checked for health, via HTTPS.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_https_health_check" "default" {
  TODO: Add fields
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:



- - -

* `check_interval_sec` -
  (Optional)
  How often (in seconds) to send a health check. The default value is 5
seconds.
* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when
you create the resource.
* `healthy_threshold` -
  (Optional)
  A so-far unhealthy instance will be marked healthy after this many
consecutive successes. The default value is 2.
* `host` -
  (Optional)
  The value of the host header in the HTTPS health check request. If
left empty (default value), the public IP on behalf of which this
health check is performed will be used.
* `name` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is
created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
RFC1035.  Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and
match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means
the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the
last character, which cannot be a dash.
* `port` -
  (Optional)
  The TCP port number for the HTTPS health check request.
The default value is 80.
* `request_path` -
  (Optional)
  The request path of the HTTPS health check request.
The default value is /.
* `timeout_sec` -
  (Optional)
  How long (in seconds) to wait before claiming failure.
The default value is 5 seconds.  It is invalid for timeoutSec to have
greater value than checkIntervalSec.
* `unhealthy_threshold` -
  (Optional)
  A so-far healthy instance will be marked unhealthy after this many
consecutive failures. The default value is 2.
* `project` (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.











## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `id` -
  The unique identifier for the resource. This identifier is defined by
the server.




TODO: Add import section
