<!---
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This file is automatically generated by terraform-codegen and manual
     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.

     Please read more about how to change this file in README.md and
     CONTRIBUTING.md located at the root of this package.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
--->
---
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_network"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-network"
description: |-
  Represents a Network resource.
---

# google\_compute\_network

Represents a Network resource.

Your Cloud Platform Console project can contain multiple networks, and
each network can have multiple instances attached to it. A network allows
you to define a gateway IP and the network range for the instances
attached to that network. Every project is provided with a default network
with preset configurations and firewall rules. You can choose to customize
the default network by adding or removing rules, or you can create new
networks in that project. Generally, most users only need one network,
although you can have up to five networks per project by default.

A network belongs to only one project, and each instance can only belong
to one network. All Compute Engine networks use the IPv4 protocol. Compute
Engine currently does not support IPv6. However, Google is a major
advocate of IPv6 and it is an important future direction.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_network" "default" {
  TODO: Add fields
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:



- - -

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when
you create the resource.
* `gateway_ipv4` -
  (Optional)
  A gateway address for default routing to other networks. This value is
read only and is selected by the Google Compute Engine, typically as
the first usable address in the IPv4Range.
* `ipv4_range` -
  (Optional)
  The range of internal addresses that are legal on this network. This
range is a CIDR specification, for example: 192.168.0.0/16. Provided
by the client when the network is created.
* `name` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is
created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match
the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means the
first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last
character, which cannot be a dash.
* `auto_create_subnetworks` -
  (Optional)
  When set to true, the network is created in "auto subnet mode". When
set to false, the network is in "custom subnet mode".

In "auto subnet mode", a newly created network is assigned the default
CIDR of 10.128.0.0/9 and it automatically creates one subnetwork per
region.
* `project` (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.







## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `id` -
  The unique identifier for the resource.
* `subnetworks` -
  Server-defined fully-qualified URLs for all subnetworks in this
network.
* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.





TODO: Add import section
