<!---
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This file is automatically generated and manual changes will be
     clobbered when the file is regenerated.

     Please read more about how to change this file in
     .github/CONTRIBUTING.md.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
--->
---
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_route"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-route"
description: |-
  Represents a Route resource.
---

# google\_compute\_route

Represents a Route resource.

A route is a rule that specifies how certain packets should be handled by
the virtual network. Routes are associated with virtual machines by tag,
and the set of routes for a particular virtual machine is called its
routing table. For each packet leaving a virtual machine, the system
searches that virtual machine's routing table for a single best matching
route.

Routes match packets by destination IP address, preferring smaller or more
specific ranges over larger ones. If there is a tie, the system selects
the route with the smallest priority value. If there is still a tie, it
uses the layer three and four packet headers to select just one of the
remaining matching routes. The packet is then forwarded as specified by
the next_hop field of the winning route -- either to another virtual
machine destination, a virtual machine gateway or a Compute
Engine-operated gateway. Packets that do not match any route in the
sending virtual machine's routing table will be dropped.

A Routes resources must have exactly one specification of either
nextHopGateway, nextHopInstance, nextHopIp, or nextHopVpnTunnel.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_route" "default" {
  TODO: Add fields
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:



- - -

* `dest_range` -
  (Optional)
  The destination range of outgoing packets that this route applies to.
Only IPv4 is supported.
* `name` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the resource. Provided by the client when the resource is
created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with
RFC1035.  Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and
match the regular expression `[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?` which means
the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following
characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the
last character, which cannot be a dash.
* `network` -
  (Optional)
  A reference to Network resource
* `priority` -
  (Optional)
  The priority of this route. Priority is used to break ties in cases
where there is more than one matching route of equal prefix length.

In the case of two routes with equal prefix length, the one with the
lowest-numbered priority value wins.

Default value is 1000. Valid range is 0 through 65535.
* `tags` -
  (Optional)
  A list of instance tags to which this route applies.
* `next_hop_gateway` -
  (Optional)
  URL to a gateway that should handle matching packets.

Currently, you can only specify the internet gateway, using a full or
partial valid URL:

* https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/project/
    global/gateways/default-internet-gateway
* projects/project/global/gateways/default-internet-gateway
* global/gateways/default-internet-gateway
* `next_hop_instance` -
  (Optional)
  URL to an instance that should handle matching packets.
You can specify this as a full or partial URL. For example:

* https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/project/zones/zone/
    instances/instance
* projects/project/zones/zone/instances/instance
* zones/zone/instances/instance
* `next_hop_ip` -
  (Optional)
  Network IP address of an instance that should handle matching packets.
* `next_hop_vpn_tunnel` -
  (Optional)
  URL to a VpnTunnel that should handle matching packets.
* `project` (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.











## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:



TODO: Add import section
