<!---
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This file is automatically generated by terraform-codegen and manual
     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.

     Please read more about how to change this file in README.md and
     CONTRIBUTING.md located at the root of this package.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
--->
---
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_region"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-region"
description: |-
  Represents a Region resource. A region is a specific geographical
---

# google\_compute\_region

Represents a Region resource. A region is a specific geographical
location where you can run your resources. Each region has one or more
zones


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_region" "default" {
  TODO: Add fields
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:



- - -

* `name` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the resource.
* `project` (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.



## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `deprecated_deleted` -
  An optional RFC3339 timestamp on or after which the deprecation state
of this resource will be changed to DELETED.
* `deprecated_deprecated` -
  An optional RFC3339 timestamp on or after which the deprecation state
of this resource will be changed to DEPRECATED.
* `deprecated_obsolete` -
  An optional RFC3339 timestamp on or after which the deprecation state
of this resource will be changed to OBSOLETE.
* `deprecated_replacement` -
  The URL of the suggested replacement for a deprecated resource. The
suggested replacement resource must be the same kind of resource as
the deprecated resource.
* `deprecated_state` -
  The deprecation state of this resource. This can be DEPRECATED,
OBSOLETE, or DELETED. Operations which create a new resource using a
DEPRECATED resource will return successfully, but with a warning
indicating the deprecated resource and recommending its replacement.
Operations which use OBSOLETE or DELETED resources will be rejected
and result in an error.
* `description` -
  An optional description of this resource.
* `id` -
  The unique identifier for the resource.
* `zones` -
  List of zones within the region
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.











TODO: Add import section
