<!---
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This file is automatically generated by terraform-codegen and manual
     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.

     Please read more about how to change this file in README.md and
     CONTRIBUTING.md located at the root of this package.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
--->
---
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_instance_group_manager"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-instance-group-manager"
description: |-
  Creates a managed instance group using the information that you specify in
---

# google\_compute\_instance\_group\_manager

Creates a managed instance group using the information that you specify in
the request. After the group is created, it schedules an action to create
instances in the group using the specified instance template. This
operation is marked as DONE when the group is created even if the
instances in the group have not yet been created. You must separately
verify the status of the individual instances.

A managed instance group can have up to 1000 VM instances per group.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_instance_group_manager" "default" {
  TODO: Add fields
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `base_instance_name` -
  (Required)
  The base instance name to use for instances in this group. The value
must be 1-58 characters long. Instances are named by appending a
hyphen and a random four-character string to the base instance name.
The base instance name must comply with RFC1035.
* `instance_template` -
  (Required)
  A reference to InstanceTemplate resource
* `name` -
  (Required)
  The name of the managed instance group. The name must be 1-63
characters long, and comply with RFC1035.
* `zone` -
  (Required)
  A reference to Zone resource






- - -

* `description` -
  (Optional)
  An optional description of this resource. Provide this property when
you create the resource.
* `named_ports` -
  (Optional)
  Named ports configured for the Instance Groups complementary to this Instance Group Manager.
  Structure is documented below.
* `target_pools` -
  (Optional)
  TargetPool resources to which instances in the instanceGroup field are
added. The target pools automatically apply to all of the instances in
the managed instance group.
* `target_size` -
  (Optional)
  The target number of running instances for this managed instance
group. Deleting or abandoning instances reduces this number. Resizing
the group changes this number.
* `project` (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.


The `named_ports` block supports:
* `name` -
  (Optional)
  The name for this named port. The name must be 1-63 characters
long, and comply with RFC1035.
* `port` -
  (Optional)
  The port number, which can be a value between 1 and 65535.
  
  



## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `creation_timestamp` -
  The creation timestamp for this managed instance group in RFC3339
text format.
* `current_actions` -
  The list of instance actions and the number of instances in this
managed instance group that are scheduled for each of those actions.
  Structure is documented below.
* `id` -
  A unique identifier for this resource
* `instance_group` -
  A reference to InstanceGroup resource
* `region` -
  A reference to Region resource


The `current_actions` block contains:
* `abandoning` -
  The total number of instances in the managed instance group that
are scheduled to be abandoned. Abandoning an instance removes it
from the managed instance group without deleting it.
* `creating` -
  The number of instances in the managed instance group that are
scheduled to be created or are currently being created. If the
group fails to create any of these instances, it tries again until
it creates the instance successfully.

If you have disabled creation retries, this field will not be
populated; instead, the creatingWithoutRetries field will be
populated.
* `creating_without_retries` -
  The number of instances that the managed instance group will
attempt to create. The group attempts to create each instance only
once. If the group fails to create any of these instances, it
decreases the group's targetSize value accordingly.
* `deleting` -
  The number of instances in the managed instance group that are
scheduled to be deleted or are currently being deleted.
* `none` -
  The number of instances in the managed instance group that are
running and have no scheduled actions.
* `recreating` -
  The number of instances in the managed instance group that are
scheduled to be recreated or are currently being being recreated.
Recreating an instance deletes the existing root persistent disk
and creates a new disk from the image that is defined in the
instance template.
* `refreshing` -
  The number of instances in the managed instance group that are
being reconfigured with properties that do not require a restart
or a recreate action. For example, setting or removing target
pools for the instance.
* `restarting` -
  The number of instances in the managed instance group that are
scheduled to be restarted or are currently being restarted.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




TODO: Add import section
