<!---
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ***     AUTO GENERATED CODE    ***    AUTO GENERATED CODE     ***

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

     This file is automatically generated by terraform-codegen and manual
     changes will be clobbered when the file is regenerated.

     Please read more about how to change this file in README.md and
     CONTRIBUTING.md located at the root of this package.

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
--->
---
layout: "google"
page_title: "Google: google_compute_machine_type"
sidebar_current: "docs-google-compute-machine-type"
description: |-
  Represents a MachineType resource. Machine types determine the virtualized
---

# google\_compute\_machine\_type

Represents a MachineType resource. Machine types determine the virtualized
hardware specifications of your virtual machine instances, such as the
amount of memory or number of virtual CPUs.


## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "google_compute_machine_type" "default" {
  TODO: Add fields
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `zone` -
  (Required)
  A reference to Zone resource



- - -

* `name` -
  (Optional)
  Name of the resource.
* `project` (Optional) The project in which the resource belongs.
    If it is not provided, the provider project is used.



## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are exported:

* `creation_timestamp` -
  Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format.
* `deprecated` -
  The deprecation status associated with this machine type.
  Structure is documented below.
* `description` -
  An optional textual description of the resource.
* `guest_cpus` -
  The number of virtual CPUs that are available to the instance.
* `id` -
  The unique identifier for the resource.
* `is_shared_cpu` -
  Whether this machine type has a shared CPU. See Shared-core machine
types for more information.
* `maximum_persistent_disks` -
  Maximum persistent disks allowed.
* `maximum_persistent_disks_size_gb` -
  Maximum total persistent disks size (GB) allowed.
* `memory_mb` -
  The amount of physical memory available to the instance, defined in
MB.
* `self_link` - The URI of the created resource.


The `deprecated` block contains:
* `deleted` -
  An optional RFC3339 timestamp on or after which the state of this
resource is intended to change to DELETED. This is only
informational and the status will not change unless the client
explicitly changes it.
* `deprecated` -
  An optional RFC3339 timestamp on or after which the state of this
resource is intended to change to DEPRECATED. This is only
informational and the status will not change unless the client
explicitly changes it.
* `obsolete` -
  An optional RFC3339 timestamp on or after which the state of this
resource is intended to change to OBSOLETE. This is only
informational and the status will not change unless the client
explicitly changes it.
* `replacement` -
  The URL of the suggested replacement for a deprecated resource.
The suggested replacement resource must be the same kind of
resource as the deprecated resource.
* `state` -
  The deprecation state of this resource. This can be DEPRECATED,
OBSOLETE, or DELETED. Operations which create a new resource
using a DEPRECATED resource will return successfully, but with a
warning indicating the deprecated resource and recommending its
replacement. Operations which use OBSOLETE or DELETED resources
will be rejected and result in an error.
  
  
  
  
  








TODO: Add import section
